chore: fix links pointing to old repo (#341)
w3c-fedid/digital-credentials: explainer.md

Along with all of their potential from the physical world, the presentation of government recognized  digital credentials also brings their associated risks of abuse, such as the potential for an increase in [surveillance](https://github.com/w3cping/credential-considerations/blob/main/credentials-considerations.md#no-phoning-home), [censorship](https://github.com/w3cping/credential-considerations/blob/main/risks.md#censorship-and-reduction-in-access-to-free-information), [discrimination](https://github.com/w3cping/credential-considerations/blob/main/credentials-considerations.md#free-expression), and intrusion to the online world.

> The most recent online presentation protocols (e.g. [OpenID4VP](https://openid.github.io/OpenID4VP/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-wg-draft.html)) and regulations (e.g. eIDAS) were designed around a Web that lacked the intentional support for such a critical task; depending instead on general purpose primitives such as custom schemes. Unfortunately, the use of [custom schemes](https://github.com/w3c-fedid/digital-credentials/blob/main/custom-schemes.md#concerns-with-custom-schemes-for-identity-presentment) left us with two problems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most recent online presentation protocols (e.g. [OpenID4VP](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.html)) and regulations (e.g. eIDAS) were designed around a Web that lacked the intentional support for such a critical task; depending instead on general purpose primitives such as custom schemes. Unfortunately, the use of [custom schemes](https://github.com/w3c-fedid/digital-credentials/blob/main/custom-schemes.md#concerns-with-custom-schemes-for-identity-presentment) left us with two problems:
```

Along with all of their potential from the physical world, the presentation of government recognized  digital credentials also brings their associated risks of abuse, such as the potential for an increase in [surveillance](https://github.com/w3cping/credential-considerations/blob/main/credentials-considerations.md#no-phoning-home), [censorship](https://github.com/w3cping/credential-considerations/blob/main/risks.md#censorship-and-reduction-in-access-to-free-information), [discrimination](https://github.com/w3cping/credential-considerations/blob/main/credentials-considerations.md#free-expression), and intrusion to the online world.

> The most recent online presentation protocols (e.g. [OpenID4VP](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.html)) and regulations (e.g. eIDAS) were designed around a Web that lacked the intentional support for such a critical task; depending instead on general purpose primitives such as custom schemes. Unfortunately, the use of [custom schemes](https://github.com/w3c-fedid/digital-credentials/blob/main/custom-schemes.md#concerns-with-custom-schemes-for-identity-presentment) left us with two problems:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most recent online presentation protocols (e.g., [OpenID4VP](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.html)) and regulations (e.g., eIDAS) were designed around a Web that lacked intentional support for such critical tasks, depending instead on general purpose primitives such as custom schemes. Unfortunately, the use of [custom schemes](https://github.com/w3c-fedid/digital-credentials/blob/main/custom-schemes.md#concerns-with-custom-schemes-for-identity-presentment) left us with two problems:
```
